On what date was the Roberto Clemente Bridge first lit with architectural lighting?
What is Pitt's most notable building?
What colors do Pittsburgh sports teams share?
When did the first IBM computer arrive on campus?
What is Lawrenceville's primary zip code?
What is Pittsburgh's Earned Income Tax revenue?
How many photographic negatives does Carnegie hold?
What year did the Jack Rabbit roller coaster open at Kennywood?
How many Downtown Pittsburgh restaurants exist?
What year did George Westinghouse build his first factory in the Strip District?
What is the height rise of the Duquesne Incline in feet?
In what year was the School of Computer Science established at Carnegie Mellon University?
What were the Steelers originally called?
In what year was the Frick Environmental Center opened to the public?
What NFL team plays in Pittsburgh?
What is Pittsburgh's NHL team?
How many schools and colleges does CMU have?
On what date did Phipps Conservatory open to the public?
How many display rooms did Phipps Conservatory originally have when it opened?
How many wholesale produce dealers were in the Strip District in the 1950s?
Who founded Carnegie Technical Schools?
What year was the Pittsburgh Academy chartered?
What company built the current Roberto Clemente Bridge?
"In what year did the Boulevard of the Allies open, providing a direct link from Squirrel Hill to downtown Pittsburgh?"
How many firefighters are budgeted in Pittsburgh?
What is Pittsburgh's 2025 operating budget?
How many bridges does Pittsburgh have?
How many stories is Cathedral of Learning?
What is the income threshold below which employees are exempt from Pittsburgh's Local Services Tax in 2025?
What is the address of Randyland in Pittsburgh?
What was the original cost to raise funds to repair and reopen the Duquesne Incline in 1963?
What year was Pittsburgh incorporated as a city?
What is budgeted for total salaries in Pittsburgh?
How many theater performances occur annually?
What is Pittsburgh's real estate tax rate?
What was Pittsburgh known as by 1850?
What year did Pittsburgh suffer its worst flood?
What's the minimum income for Pittsburgh's LST exemption?
In what year was the Roberto Clemente Bridge added to the National Register of Historic Places?
What street is the City-County Building on?
What is Pittsburgh's non-emergency number?
How many Super Bowls have the Steelers won?
How many City Council members are in Pittsburgh?
When is third quarter Payroll Tax due in Pittsburgh?
What is Pittsburgh's debt service amount?
What arena do the Penguins play in?
What year did CMU's Computer Science Department receive a $5 million grant from the Richard K. Mellon Foundation to formally establish the department?
On what date did Frick Park officially open to the public?
What county is Pittsburgh the seat of?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers win their sixth Super Bowl Championship?
When was Fort Pitt built?
What year did it become Carnegie Mellon University?
When is first quarter LST due in Pittsburgh?
What's the returned check fee in Pittsburgh?
When is fourth quarter Payroll Tax due in Pittsburgh?
What is Pittsburgh's Payroll Preparation Tax rate?
When was Carnegie Mellon founded?
What year did the Steelers change their name?
What's Pittsburgh's tax compliance phone number?
What river do the Allegheny and Monongahela form?
When is fourth quarter LST due in Pittsburgh?
In what year did Kennywood purchase Idlewild amusement park?
What year did Acrisure Stadium open?
What is the length of the Monongahela River in miles?
What is Pittsburgh's nickname related to steel?
What year did Randyland's creator Randy Gilson purchase the property at 1501 Arch Street?
When was Pittsburgh incorporated as a city?
What is Pittsburgh's 2025 capital budget?
What Grammy-winning orchestra performs in Pittsburgh?
What Eastern European food is Pittsburgh famous for?
What is Pittsburgh's largest revenue source?
Who was Pittsburgh named for?
What is the area in sq. miles of Strip District?
What is Pittsburgh's MLB team called?
What was Pittsburgh's 2020 population?
What is the exact length of the CMU Buggy race course in miles?
How many EMS employees are budgeted in Pittsburgh?
How many departments are in Pittsburgh's budget?
When did the Great Fire of Pittsburgh occur?
What chapter governs Pittsburgh's Local Services Tax?
What was the original name in 1900?
Who founded the Pittsburgh Steelers?
When were the Pennsylvania Canal and Portage Railroad completed?
How many feet long is the Strip District Produce Terminal building?
What museum features Roberto Clemente memorabilia?
Who was Pittsburgh named after?
When was the University of Pittsburgh chartered?
What festival features 300+ bands in Pittsburgh?
What is Pittsburgh's police overtime budget?
How many members serve on Pittsburgh City Council?
What neighborhood does Mayor Gainey live in?
What is Pittsburgh's population according to 2020 census?
Who expelled the French in 1758?
When does Pittsburgh host the NFL Draft?
What is Pittsburgh's pension and OPEB budget?
What rivers form the Ohio River in Pittsburgh?
What was the original name of the land that became Frick Park?
What year was Pittsburgh incorporated as a borough?
What festival is named number one in Pittsburgh?
What is the length of the Duquesne Incline in feet?
Where is the Orwell film playing in October?
How old do you need to be to volunteer with the PSO in the default case?
In what year did old residents of Pittsburgh and Western PA establish a society to help preserve local history?
How much does it cost to attend the Heinz History Center with a student ID?
What is the phone number of the PSO box office?
"The oldest car of what make (brand) is located at Pittsburgh's ""People Museum""?"
How much money did the Carnegie Museum's raise in the Building the Future Campaign
"Artifacts from what famous TV set are displayed at Pittsburgh's ""People Museum""?"
Who financed the Heinz Architectural Center at its launch?
What is the last day of the Noises Off show?
Who was the International Classical Music award's artist of the year in 2018?
What are the Frick's café hours?
What is the first step for renting the AWAACC?
Where do Pittsburgh Opera staging rehearsals take place?
What is the street aderess of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
Who is the chair of the board for the Frick?
In which neighborhood was Pittsburgh's planetarium originally located?
What is the title of the individual who wins Picklesburgh's pickle juice drinking competition?
What is the combined indoor and outdoor capacity of the two largest spaces at Stage AE?
What type of dinosaur fossil was the first added to the Carnegie Museum's collection?
Does the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust provides its employees with preferred tickets for certain events?
"On a typical day at the Frick, when are the Clayton Tours available?"
"What organization did the Pittsburgh Post Gazette laud as ""the single greatest creative force in Pittsburgh because of its spirit of reinvention""?"
Is there a strict dress code at the Pittsburgh Opera?
In what year was Dinosaur Hall unveiled?
Artists from which country exhibited their work at Mattress Factory despite denial of the artists' entry into the  U.S?
What is America's number one history museum?
What is the starting price for a children's ticket to one of the Pittsburgh Opera's mainstage shows?
What is the phone number for the Kamin Science Center's special events team?
What is the square footage of the George R. White opera studio?
What is the age cutoff for free tickets at the Heinz History Center?
The Warhol museum contains approximately how many paintings?
How to find the Carnegie Museum of Art on youtube (username)?
In what year did Carnegie Museum's most ambitious period of growth begin?
Who was chosen to lead the Pittsburgh orchestra in 1898?
When was Mattress Factory founded?
Which symphony was President and CEO Tourangeau at before coming to Pittsburgh?
When did Roberto Clemente join the Pittsburgh Pirates?
What's the Heinz history center's Instragram handle?
What is Guidestar's rating for the Pittsburgh Opera?
"What is the street address of Pittsburgh's ""People Museum""?"
Which type of Pittsburgh Opera ticket pass gives one unlimited access to the opera at a low monthly fee?
Who to contact to discuss issues of Rights and Reproduction regarding images from the Warhol collection?
How many blocks does the Pop District span on Pittsburgh's North Shore?
Does Pittsburgh's Detre Library & Archives hold more periodicals or maps?
Who should I contact to ask about auditions to join the Chorus for the 2026-27 season of the Pittsburgh Opera?
Which Pittsburgh concert venue is located next to Acrisure Stadium?
In what neighborhood is the Clemenete museum located?
How many households does the Carnegie magazine reach?
What did the Historical Society of Pittsburgh celebrate in 1908?
What is the maximum bag size allowed into Pittsburgh Cultural Trust events?
In what month will Chorus auditions take place for the Pittsburgh Opera's 2026-27 season?
How to find the Carnegie Museum of Art on instagram (username)?
"What band performs at Roxian Theatre on March 20, 2026?"
How many contrabassoonists are in the pittsburgh orchestra?
How tall was dinosaur fossil was the first added to the Carnegie Museum's collection?
Which is the most comprehensive single-artist museum in the world?
What is a supernumerary?
What NFL Films documentary is screening at the Kamin Science Center's Rangos Giant Cinema in the lead-up to the 2026 NFL Draft?
Which biblically-related production does Pittsburgh Opera rent out?
"Which of the following is not a real learning program associated with the Pittsburgh symphony orchestra? Side-by-Side, Schooltime, Play Your Heart Out, Fiddlesticks Musical Exploration"
Does the Clemente museum have walk-in hours?
What is the current name of the longest continually running series of classes for young artists in Pittsburgh?
"""Who is the conductor leading the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra concert """"The Rite of Spring"""" at Heinz Hall on April 12 2026?"""
"""Where is Charles """"Teenie"""" Harris' Archive currently on exhibit?"""
"What is the Clemente Museum's instagram handle?"
In which neighborhood is the Pittsburgh Opera currently located?
What does 'Acupuncture' refer to in the context of the Pittsburgh skyline
What is Amanda Dunyak Gillen's role at The Frick?
Who opened the 'palace of culture' in 1895
Which Pittsburgh planetarium opened in 1939?
What North Shore venue hosts concerts?
"How may photographs, prints, and negatives does the Detre Library & Archives have in its collection?"
The Warhol museum went through a major redesign in what year?
In what year did Warhol obtain his first film camera?
Who is the secretary officer on the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Board of Trustees
Who is the current General Director of the Pittsburgh Opera?
How does the Mattress Factory define artistic quality?
What condition will cause the Kamin Science center to close on Sundays?
How can I get in touch with the PSO advertising team via email?
In what venue was the Pittsburgh Opera's first production?
In what year was the pop district in Pittsburgh launched?
What park is Pittsburgh's Fort Pitt Museum is located in?
What are the two types of space rentals available through the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust
What nickname was given to the first dinosaur fossil added to the Carnegie Museum's collection?
"The famous pop art painting, ""Campbell's Soup Cans"", is on display in what Pittsburgh museum?"
Who is the Presient and CEO of the August Wilson African American Cultural Center?
On what ancestral lands does the Frick Pittsburgh occupy?
"What are the co-captains for Steelers Style?"
Which Pittsburgh museum displays contemporary Jewish art?
"Who is the conductor leading the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra concert """"The Rite of Spring"""" at Heinz Hall on April 12 2026?"
In what year did ground break on construction of the August Wilson African American Cultural Center?
When was the Heinz Architectural Center created?
Polar World is the largest exhibit on what society?
The Heinz History Center is affiliated with which federal institution?
What is the longest-running exhibition of international art in North America?
In what neighborhood is Stage AE?
What time does the laser cutting 101 event at Kamin Science Center start on March 20 2026?
Who is the President of the Carnegie Museums?
When was Carnegie Museums' centennial?
How many Division I varsity teams does the University of Pittsburgh sponsor?
When did Highmark Stadium open?
"What does the inverted ""Y"" on the Pittsburgh Pirates' City Connect uniform represent?"
"What team will Pittsburgh Penguins play against on March 26, 2026?"
"When do the Penguins host the Carolina Hurricanes on March 22, 2026?"
Who has been the Pittsburgh Penguins' public address announcer since 2009?
What day does Pitt Men's Soccer play against Duquesne in 2026?
In what year were the Pittsburgh Penguins ice hockey club established?
What foundation did the Pittsburgh Steelers help establish with an initial contribution of $1 million to support brain injury research?
Which NFC East team will the Steelers visit in 2026?
Which 2026 Steelers opponent plays at Caesars Superdome?
"Where are the home bouts for The Steel Hurtin‚The Steel Beamers, and the Blitzburgh Bombers held?"
Name three NCAA Division 1 universities in Pittsburgh.
When will the Pittsburgh Steelers wear their 1933 Throwback Uniforms against the Green Bay Packers?
When was the Chuck Noll Foundation for Brain Injury Research launched by the Steelers?
When did PPG Paints Arena open?
When is the game between the Buffalo Sabres and Pittsburgh Penguins scheduled?
How many home run balls have splashed into the Allegheny River from PNC Park?
Which golf course in the Pittsburgh area has hosted the most U.S. Open championships?
Which exhibit at Kamin Science Center features replicas of fictional robots that inspired real-world creations?
How much money have the proceeds from the Terrible Towel helped raise for the school in Coraopolis?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Penguins' AHL affiliate team?
Which Pittsburgh team competes in the Ultimate Frisbee Association?
What are the official colors of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
"What sport is Pitt hosting on March 25, 2026?"
Who holds the Pittsburgh Penguins franchise record for most points scored by a defenseman?
When will the Pittsburgh Penguins relaunch their Hall of Fame?
How many times have the Pittsburgh Pirates won the World Series?
Who was hired as the Pittsburgh Steelers head coach in 1969?
When was Mike Sullivan named head coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins?
When was the Roberto Clemente statue dedicated outside PNC Park?
What do the colors in the Pittsburgh Steelers logo represent?
Which Major League Baseball team built a screen at Forbes Field in 1930?
What is the name of the baseball park in Pittsburgh known for its spectacular view of the Downtown skyline?
Who created the Terrible Towel and in what year?
What was the home venue for the Pittsburgh Maulers in 1984?
How many games are the Penguins scheduled to play in April 2026?
What is the address of the Pittsburgh Penguins' arena?
Name one NCAA Division 1 university located in Pittsburgh.
What are the traditional colors for Pittsburgh sports teams?
What is the nickname of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
What was the first home ballpark of the Pittsburgh Pirates?
What is the seating capacity of Acrisure Stadium?
Which stadium is home to the University of Pittsburgh Panthers football team?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates return to the postseason after a 20-season losing record?
Who holds the Pittsburgh Penguins franchise record for the most points scored by a defenseman?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers play their first playoff game in franchise history?
What is the name of Pittsburgh’s professional soccer team?
Who founded the Pittsburgh Steelers and in what year?
When do the Penguins host the Dallas Stars in March 2026?
In what year did the Pittsburgh Pirates win their first World Series?
When is the Penguins' traditional Thanksgiving Eve game in 2026?
At what date do the Pittsburgh Penguins play the St. Louis Blues in April 2026?
"At what time does Pitt softball play Boston College on March 20, 2026?"
"Which NHL team is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania?"
"Are the Penguins playing at home or away on April 9, 2026?"
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates leave Forbes Field?
Who is the manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates?
Who replaced Mike Lange as the Pittsburgh Penguins radio play-by-play announcer after his retirement in the 2021 off-season?
What team will the Penguins face in Stockholm for the Global Series?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates return to the postseason after a 20-season losing streak?
When did Acrisure Stadium open?
What is the capacity of PPG Paints Arena?
Which architectural firm designed Acrisure Stadium?
When is the Pittsburgh Penguins game against the Dallas Stars scheduled?
Which stadium is the Steelers game against the Houston Texans in 2026?
Who became Co-Director of Mattress Factory in 2008?
Where is the Pittsburgh Penguins' home arena located?
How many Super Bowl championships have the Pittsburgh Steelers won?
What is the home stadium of the Pittsburgh Steelers football team?
Which Steelers player has been named to the Pro Bowl the most times?
What song is played during the fourth quarter when the Steelers need a big stop?
"When was the nickname ""Pirates"" first acknowledged on the Pittsburgh baseball team's uniforms?"
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates move into Forbes Field?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates play their final game at Three Rivers Stadium?
"Who narrates the NFL Films documentary 'The Football Town' screening at the Kamin Science Center in 2026?"
What is the address of PNC Park where the Pittsburgh Pirates play?
"Where will the Steelers play the Baltimore Ravens on the road in 2026?"
What color is Pittsburgh Steelers' 1933 pants?
"Who originally wrote and recorded the Steelers fight song ""Here We Go""?"
When was the Pittsburgh Passion women's full-contact football team formed?
Who will be the Pittsburgh Steelers’ head coach for the 2026 season?
Who designed PNC Park?
Who holds the Pittsburgh Pirates' career record for most home runs?
Who is the Pittsburgh Pirates broadcaster known for the phrase “Raise The Jolly Roger”?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates adopt their current black and gold color scheme?
"Where will the Pittsburgh Penguins play on April 11, 2026?"
What is the Steelers' strength of schedule ranking for 2026?
What are the hours of operation for the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum?
How many World Series championships have the Pittsburgh Pirates won?
When did the Pittsburgh Steelers move into Heinz Field?
When did the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum open?
Will Steelers play Jacksonville Jaguars at home or on the road?
When were the Pittsburgh Steelers established?
Where is the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum located?
"What annual road race in Pittsburgh attracts nearly 10,000 athletes and has been ranked as a Top 20 Multi-Race Event by USA Track & Field's publication On The Roads?"
Which Pittsburgh museum is dedicated to model trains?
Where will the Steelers play the Cincinnati Bengals on the road in 2026?
Who succeeded Chuck Noll as head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1992?
Who replaced Steve Mears on the Pittsburgh Penguins radio booth in 2024?
Who is the music director of the Pittsburgh orchestra?
What is the name of the new four-acre civic space in Pittsburgh's Cultural District debuting during the 2026 NFL Draft?
How much has the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix raised for charity since 1983?
What does 'Acupuncture' refer to in the context of the Pittsburgh skyline?
How many city blocks does Pittsburgh's Cultural District span?
Does the PSO offer any discounts for program handbook advertisers?
"What celebration takes place at the Warhol and Carnegie Museums on October 31, 2026?"
What venue has a capacity of 2676 and hosts events in Pittsburgh?
"What world premiere opera is being performed at the Bitz Opera Factory on March 6, 2026?"
"On what dates does CMU Spring Break occur in Spring 2026?"
"When does Pittsburgh Opera's Time to Act world premiere run in 2026?"
"What is the length of the UPMC Schenley Oval circuit at the PVGP?"
What is the theme for Phipps Spring Flower Show 2026?
"What musical runs at the Benedum Center from March 31 to April 5, 2026?"
"What are the dates for Phipps Spring Flower Show: True Colors in 2026?"
"What is Mark Godden's ballet featured in Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre's Spring Mix: Premieres (April 10-12, 2026)?"
"What ballet does Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform at the Benedum Center on May 15-17, 2026?"
"What open mic event happens on the first Monday of every month at 6-8 PM?"
Which of the following is not a real learning program associated witht he Pittsburgh symphony orchestra? Side-by-Side, Schooltime, Play Your Heart Out, Fiddlesticks Musical Exploration
"What two charities does the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix primarily support?"
"What film score does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform live at Heinz Hall on May 1-3, 2026?"
On what dates does CMU Spring Carnival take place in Spring 2026?
"What musical runs from March 10-15, 2026 at the Benedum Center?"
"When is CMU Commencement in Spring 2026?"
How many stages are dedicated to performances at the Pittsburgh Irish Festival?
"What exhibit can you visit at Kamin Science Center that explores the red planet?"
What is the last day of CMU Spring 2026 Semester classes?
When does Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform The Nutcracker in 2026?
"What is the name of the Cultural District Gallery Crawl event at the August Wilson African American Cultural Center on March 27, 2026?"
When does mini-4 begin at CMU in Spring 2026?
"What is the price range for the First Night Friends VIP Experience at Highmark First Night Pittsburgh?"
"What artist performs at Stage AE on March 22, 2026?"
"What time does the Kamin Science Center 21+ Nights event start on March 13, 2026?"
"What PSO concert program features Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring at Heinz Hall in April 2026?"
"What venue hosts Patti LuPone on March 3, 2026?"
"What Palenque dance performance takes place at August Wilson Cultural Center on March 28, 2026?"
"When does Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band perform in Pittsburgh in 2026?"
What opera does Pittsburgh Opera perform at the Benedum Center in late April/May 2026?
"How much is parking at the Pittsburgh Irish Festival?"
When does Journey perform at PPG Paints Arena in 2026?
"What band performs at Stage AE on April 8, 2026?"
"When does Morgan Wallen perform in Pittsburgh in 2026?"
"What is the theme for CMU's Spring Carnival 2026?"
What are the dates for Water for Elephants at the Benedum Center in Pittsburgh?
What type of meditation session occurs weekly on Thursdays from 5:05-5:40 PM?
What opera does Pittsburgh Opera present from Henry IV in April and May 2026?
"Which team do the Pittsburgh Penguins host at PPG Paints Arena on March 31, 2026?"
"When does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform Beethoven's Eroica at Heinz Hall in 2026?"
What George Harrison tribute concert takes place at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall in 2026?
Which annual edition of Highmark First Night Pittsburgh is held in 2026?
When does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back in Concert?
"What ballet does Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre present at the August Wilson Cultural Center on April 10-12, 2026?"
"At what time does Morgan Freeman's Symphonic Blues Experience begin at Heinz Hall on March 21, 2026?"
"What concert takes place at Petersen Events Center on March 26, 2026?"
"When does Zara Larsson perform in Pittsburgh in 2026?"
"Where does Texture Contemporary Ballet perform its 15th Anniversary Season finale, Eternal Beauty, on March 20-21, 2026?"
What Pittsburgh venue hosts Aaron Lewinter and the Fortune of Love every Friday in 2026?
"What venue hosts Don Toliver's Octane Tour on May 23, 2026?"
On what specific dates does CMU Thanksgiving Break occur in Fall 2026?
"What improv show runs at Arcade Comedy Theater through March 21, 2026, supporting Pittsburgh's vibrant improv scene?"
What is the minimum age to participate in the Great Race 10K?
Who served as the Pittsburgh Steelers radio color commentator for 35 seasons from 1970 to 2004?
Where is the Pittsburgh Irish Festival held?
"What is the length of the PVGP Panther Hollow Hillclimb course?"
What Irish music session takes place on the first Monday of every month?
"At what time does the Pittsburgh Penguins' Country Night game against the Dallas Stars begin on March 28, 2026?"
"What Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is performed by Pittsburgh Savoyards in March 2026?"
"Which team do the Pittsburgh Penguins play at PPG Paints Arena on March 31, 2026?"
"What comedy show runs at Pittsburgh Improv starting April 17, 2026?"
What is the name of Nate Bargatze's 2026 comedy tour coming to PPG Paints Arena?
On what dates does the 2026 NFL Draft take place in Pittsburgh?
"How many fans is the 2026 NFL Draft in Pittsburgh expected to draw?"
"What is the name of the Phipps Conservatory Spring Flower Show in 2026?"
When does Pittsburgh Opera perform Falstaff in 2026?
"How many Penguins home games are scheduled at PPG Paints Arena in March 2026?"
"What venue will host the 2026 NFL Draft Theater and Main Stage in Pittsburgh?"
"What comedian performs at Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall on April 17, 2026?"
What bridge will be closed to vehicle traffic and activated as a pedestrian fan corridor during the 2026 NFL Draft?
"What David Lynch film screens in 4K UltraHD restoration at the Kamin Science Center on March 20, 2026?"
"On what specific dates does Pittsburgh Opera perform Falstaff at the Benedum Center in 2026?"
When does David Spade perform at the Byham Theater in 2026?
"When does Kelsey Cook perform at Pittsburgh Improv in 2026?"
"How many days does the 2026 NFL Draft in Pittsburgh span?"
"At what time does the Don Toliver Octane Tour begin at PPG Paints Arena on May 23, 2026?"
What fleet will provide river transportation between 2026 NFL Draft sites in Pittsburgh?
What venue hosts the Pittsburgh Savoyards' Spring 2026 production of The Grand Duke?
"What themed night is designated for the Penguins' March 22, 2026 home game?"
"Which team do the Pittsburgh Penguins host on April 4, 2026 at PPG Paints Arena?"
"When does The Great Gatsby musical run at the Benedum Center in Pittsburgh?"
What Stravinsky work does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform in April 2026?
What Beethoven symphony does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform with conductor Daniele Rustioni in Spring 2026?
"What theme does Pittsburgh Opera's May 9, 2026 Song Shop concert celebrate?"
"What British band performs on the 'From The Pyre' tour in Pittsburgh in April 2026?"
What is the name of the 5K race taking place on the final day of the 2026 NFL Draft in Pittsburgh?
"What Penguins-themed community night is held during the March 31, 2026 home game against Detroit?"
"What three-day book lovers' event takes place in downtown Pittsburgh on May 22-24, 2026?"
"What Tony Award-winning musical comedy plays at the Benedum Center from April 14-19, 2026?"
What team do the Pittsburgh Pirates face in their 2026 home opener at PNC Park on April 3?
"What bobblehead is given away at the Pirates game on April 18, 2026?"
"What new civic space will host the grand opening coinciding with the 2026 Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival on June 5-7 & 11-14?"
